Erchan, I think what Sister Shan said is very true
process
The Jianfang collective strike incident is the best proof
Immediate priority
It is to immediately remove the director of frequent projects
Temporary removal at the same time
OK
What Xiaodong said is that urgent matters should be removed.
Forget it, exempt from all emergencies
Fan'er, your eldest sister and Chu Chen are right
Even if you invest in that land in Dongshan
Make a hundredfold
But that doesn't change your unauthorized appropriation
The facts about project funding
Running a company relies on a long-term philosophy
Rather than a fluke or two
You go like this
I rely on luck
It wasn't a fluke.
Could it be that you are still relying on real skills?
Joke this intimacy
Even our temporary group can't get it.
Not to mention you, the miserable man
How could it be possible to know in advance
I admit it.
Your relationship with President Nalan is indeed extraordinary
But even so
I think
It's far from here. President Nalan will reveal to you
The state of this major secret
Lin Fan, I advise you to honestly get out of the company
Don't humiliate yourself
You're an unwelcome thing
Why argue with me
From now on
I declare your dismissal
Where the identity of the project leader
Put it in charge
While surfacing and staring
Who said they wanted to remove Mr. Lin?